# Expand Section Answers
1. Developers may believe that the asynchronous nature of JavaScript may be a pain point because of the difficult nature of the code itself. It is very hard to write and it is equally as hard to read and reason through. Developers may believe that loose typing in JavaScript may be a pain point because problems may arise when we want specific functionality. With loose outputs come less control on the code being written and developers need control over their work. Developers may believe that the web platform may be a pain point because its is quite different and like the loose typing it is difficult to control.
2. I believe that developers who implemented loose-typing and async programming in JavaScript did it so that webpages will function even if some part of the code is not correct. Because the goal is for web page deployment, one error should not completely shut down the entire web page, and thus mistakes need to be overlooked to prevent this.
3. In a compiled language the program is directly translated by the machine the code is targeted for by a compiler which will translate human-readable code into machine code. On the other hand, an interpretted language is not translated by the targetted machine, but rather an interpretter which will execute the program after reading the code. JavaScript is an interpretted language. The benefits are continuous deployment even through errors and illogic. The drawbacks are that their is a fundamental lack of extreme preciseness. 
4. By mastering vanilla JavaScript, the students in this class are able to build a strong foundation and have a better fundamental understanding of the coding language itself. It is a good first step to understand before using other frameworks. The drawbacks of not learning a framework first is that more work has to be put into creating a product that wouldve taken less time with the simple implementation of a framework.
5. This lab relates to the project we are doing in this class because we will be implementing tools within our website that require user input and data manipulation. A site without any user interactivity is not a site. In order to be succesful we need a good understanding of JavaScript.